kitchen back panel covering Here are
four solutions You know that
space on the wall that is between the
kitchen top and the wall units. Here it is
intended as a back panel to protect
the plaster on the wall and also for
better cleaning convenience it is
recommended to cover this area in
this video  I will therefore talk to you about some
solutions with which you can cover the
backsplash of the kitchen.
Hi, I'm Marco, an interior designer
specialized in modern kitchens since 2008. I've been
helping people who want to make
their kitchen unique and provide them with
the furniture of their dreams.
The main and most
used solutions.  to cover this area there are
four tiles or
large slabs with the same
material as the top with resin or
glass tiles I will immediately make a
premise when talking about tiles
many people associate this term
with something old and ugly this is
because  we are used to seeing those
of our parents' or
grandparents' kitchens in which the tiles are
small in size and very often
aesthetically horrible, but today their world has
completely changed, there are many
sizes and above all there are
very beautiful ones. In fact, the tiles  they are
the most used, very practical and also have an
average low price, an excellent
solution for those who want to save money,
they can come in many colours,
finishes, decorations can also be created
with perhaps a great deal of imagination and
as mentioned before they can come in
many formats from the old 10 x 10 to
slabs  very large even over 3
meters obviously the larger the size
of the tile the less gap you will have if
you choose this option between the
worktop and the tiles a backsplash will be placed
which is usually of the
same material as the top this
backsplash is usually made  high from
4 to 6 cm It depends on how more effective it
functions both as a tread during
cleaning but also to hide
any small imperfections in the wall.
You must know that sometimes the walls, as
much as they seem, are not always perfect.
Here the zatina also has the function of
correcting  these imperfections giving it
a refined and finished appearance resin a
second solution is that of resin
in this case the painter applies to the
wall This is the material
to obtain results of creating a
unique surface without any joints there
are no length limits for example
the wall could be  even 5
meters or more long without having any joints,
this particular characteristic means
that the resin is the most suitable for
the purpose of simplifying cleaning.
Also because you can then easily use
any type of
cleaning product from the neutral ones to the more
aggressive ones from the points of  aesthetic view
you can choose the color you want you can
decide whether to make it with
lively or more homogeneous facts if more or less
Smooth matt or glossy finish
therefore completely customizable
Finally, as for the tiles, here too
the splashback is then installed above the
worktop  for the same reasons
same material as the top the third
solution is to cover the
backrest with the same material as the
top This solution is very
aesthetically beautiful because it creates an effect of
continuity with the top Especially if
you like a model with
marble-like veins in this case  you make a
so-called riser which can be either up to
the height of the wall units or halfway
up, about 30 cm high. By doing this you no
longer need to put the nazatia because it
would itself be a swing only that it is
higher, using this type of
covering allows you  to have
very few joints or even none.
It depends on how long the space to be
covered. Keep in mind that the
most used quartz slabs reach up to
around 3.10 meters and
that entrance also has a little more glass.
To conclude, we find glass if
You're not sure what color to give to this
backrest, you could manage it with a
neutral color like glass or
if you want to do something
suggestive, in fact a peculiarity that
this type of backrest has is that you can
integrate a LED bar along
its entire length  what
you get when you turn on the light is a
very beautiful and scenographic wow effect, the
whole back panel
will light up as if by magic, also translating into
excellent lighting over the entire
work surface. A little while ago I told you that
the glass has a neutral colour, so here's
neutral I mean white is the most
popular color for this type of backrest but it doesn't
mean that you can do it in
other colors too, be careful but one
thing is not very important, take into
consideration the aspect of cleanliness in the
glass Especially if it is shiny you see
a lot  marks,
stains, dirt and so on more easily. So
if you want to always keep it nice and clean and
shiny, know that I should dedicate
a lot more time and attention to it. Well
these are the main options with
which you can manage the backrest. I would say that
with all the things you have  to choose and
evaluate for your kitchen today gave you
more material to reflect on
at night other homework as if you did
n't already have enough I imagine If you
liked this video I invite you to
subscribe to the channel and activate the
bell so you don't miss out either  a
video If you want to get in
touch with us Click on the link in the
description visit our website and
request your advice we
will create the kitchen of your dreams together with you